Limit and LimitWeighted operator docs (#28394)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/operators/Source-or-Flow/limit.md

@ref[Simple operators](../index.md#simple-operators)

## Signature

@apidoc[Flow.limit](Flow$) { scala="#limit(max:Long):FlowOps.this.Repr[Out]" java="#limit(long)" } 

## Description

> Limit number of element from upstream to given `max` number, if the limit is passed the operator fails the stream with a @apidoc[StreamLimitReachedException](StreamLimitReachedException).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limits the number of elements from upstream to a given `max` number, if the limit is passed the operator fails the stream with a @apidoc[StreamLimitReachedException](StreamLimitReachedException).
```

> See also @ref:[limitWeighted](limitWeighted.md) which can choose a weight for each element counting to a total max limit weight. @ref:[take](take.md) is also closely related but completes the stream instead of failing it after a certain number of elements.

Reviewer 2: :+1: linking to take

## Example

> `limit` can protect a stream coming from an untrusted source into an in memory aggregate that grows with the number of element from filling the heap and causing an OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`limit` can protect a stream coming from an untrusted source into an in-memory aggregate that grows with the number of elements from filling the heap and causing an out-of-memory error.
```

> In this sample we take at most 10 000 from the untrusted source elements into the aggregated sequence of elements, if the untrusted source emits more elements the stream and the materialized @scala[`Future[Seq[String]]`]@java[`CompletionStage<List<String>>`] will be failed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this sample we take at most 10 000 of the untrusted source elements into the aggregated sequence of elements, if the untrusted source emits more elements the stream and the materialized @scala[`Future[Seq[String]]`]@java[`CompletionStage<List<String>>`] will be failed:
```
